Update unit test guideline for unimplemented test (#1983)
vdaas/vald: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Table of Contents

> - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Table of Contents

> - [Contributing to Vald](#contributing-to-vald)
>   - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
>   - [Contributing Issue](#contributing-issue)
>     - [Bug Report](#bug-report)
>     - [Proposal](#proposal)
>     - [Feature Request](#feature-request)
>     - [Security Issue Report](#security-issue-report)
>   - [Contributing Source Code](#contributing-source-code)
>     - [Before contributing source code](#before-contributing-source-code)
>     - [How to contribute source code](#how-to-contribute-source-code)
>     - [How to contribute test code](#how-to-contribute-test-code)
>     - [Branch naming convention](#branch-naming-convention)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Contributing Issue](#contributing-issue)
  - [Bug Report](#bug-report)
  - [Proposal](#proposal)
  - [Feature Request](#feature-request)
  - [Security Issue Report](#security-issue-report)
- [Contributing Source Code](#contributing-source-code)
  - [Before contributing source code](#before-contributing-source-code)
  - [How to contribute source code](#how-to-contribute-source-code)
  - [How to contribute test code](#how-to-contribute-test-code)
  - [Branch naming convention](#branch-naming-convention)
```

In Vald, unit test files are looks like:

```go
func Test_implementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test is implemented
}

// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW

func Test_notImplementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test function is not implemented yet
}
```

Vald defines a placeholder `// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW` to separate the implemented unit test from the unimplemented unit test.
Everything before the placeholder are already implemented, and everything below are not implemented yet.

If no test functions are implemented in the test file, the placeholder will be placed below the package definition.

```go
package test

// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW
func Test_unimplementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test function is not implemented yet
}

func Test_unimplementedTest2(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test function is not implemented yet
}
```

If all test functions are implemented, the placeholder will be placed on the bottom of the file.

```go
package test

func Test_implementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test is implemented
}

func Test_implementedTest2(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test is implemented
}

// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW
```

<div class="notice">

> This implementation structure is generated by the <code class="bash" data-lang="bash>make gotests/gen</code> command for all unit test files by applying the custom unit test template using <a href="https://github.com/cweill/gotests">gotests</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implementation structure is generated by the <code class="bash" data-lang="bash">make gotests/gen</code> command for all unit test files by applying the custom unit test template using <a href="https://github.com/cweill/gotests">gotests</a>.
```

<br>
When the test template is updated, the generated unit test functions will not be updated accordingly, so we need this unit test structure to help us regenerate the implementation with the latest template.

> For the implemented unit test, we cannot deal with it by executing  <code class="bash" data-lang="bash>make gotests/gen</code> command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the implemented unit test, we cannot deal with it by executing  <code class="bash" data-lang="bash">make gotests/gen</code> command.
```

Everything before the placeholder are already implemented, and everything below are not implemented yet.

If no test functions are implemented in the test file, the placeholder will be placed below the package definition.

```go
package test

// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW
func Test_unimplementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test function is not implemented yet
}

func Test_unimplementedTest2(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test function is not implemented yet
}
```

If all test functions are implemented, the placeholder will be placed on the bottom of the file.

```go
package test

func Test_implementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test is implemented
}

func Test_implementedTest2(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test is implemented
}

// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW
```

If only part of the test function is implemented, the placeholder will be placed between the implemented and unimplemented function.

```go
package test

func Test_implementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test is implemented
}

// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW

func Test_unimplementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test function is not implemented yet
}
```

> This implementation structure is generated by the `make gotests/gen` command for all unit test files, by appling the custom unit test template using [gotests](https://github.com/cweill/gotests).
> 
> When the test template is updated, the generated unit test functions will not be updated accordingly, so we need to have this unit test structure to help us to regenerate the implementation with the latest template.
> For the implemented unit test, we cannot deal with it with the `make gotests/gen` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="notice">
This implementation structure is generated by the <code class="bash" data-lang="bash>make gotests/gen</code> command for all unit test files by applying the custom unit test template using <a href="https://github.com/cweill/gotests">gotests</a>.
<br>
When the test template is updated, the generated unit test functions will not be updated accordingly, so we need this unit test structure to help us regenerate the implementation with the latest template.
For the implemented unit test, we cannot deal with it by executing  <code class="bash" data-lang="bash>make gotests/gen</code> command.
But we don't have to update implemented test soon.
</div>
```

- Your pull request is small and focused with a clear message that conveys the intent of your change

### How to contribute test code

To contribute test code, the steps are almost the same as contribute source code.

> However in Vald, we need some extra steps when making changes to test code.

Author: ```suggestion
However, in Vald, we need some extra steps when making changes to test code.
```

> However, in Vald, we need some extra steps when making changes to test code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But, there are some extra steps when making changes to the test code.
```

> In Vald, the table-driven test functions of the unit test are generated by [gotests](https://github.com/cweill/gotests) using the `make gotests/gen` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vald applies the table-driven test functions of the unit test generated by [gotests](https://github.com/cweill/gotests) using the `make gotests/gen` command.
```

The same style of implementation is generated for each unit test function, so everyone can follow the same style of implementing unit tests easily.

> We implemented our own [test template for gotests](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/tree/main/assets/test/templates) to generate the unit test functions, to provide extra flexibility and functionality for the unit test, such as [goleak](https://github.com/uber-go/goleak) support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vald uses its own [test template for gotests](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/tree/main/assets/test/templates) to generate the unit test functions, to provide extra flexibility and functionality for the unit test, such as [goleak](https://github.com/uber-go/goleak) support.
```

> However, when we update our test template, the generated unit test functions will not be updated accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when the test template is updated, the generated unit test functions will not be updated accordingly.
```

> To overcome this, we implemented a placeholder `// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW` to indicate whether the test functions are implemented or not. The unit test functions above the placeholder are implemented, and the functions below are not implemented yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To overcome this, each test file has a placeholder `// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW` to indicate whether the test functions are implemented.
The unit test functions above the placeholder are implemented, and the functions below still need to be implemented.
If all the test functions are implemented, the placeholder will be placed at the bottom of the unit test file.
```

```go
func Test_implementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test is implemented
}

// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW

func Test_notImplementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test function is not implemented yet
}
```

> When the test template is updated, if the unit test function is implemented already, we cannot do anything about it. But for unit test functions that are not implemented yet, we can re-generate them by using the updated template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implemented unit test is not updated even when the test template is updated.
On the other hand, we have to re-generate unimplemented tests by using the latest test template.
```

> Every unit test file should contain the placeholder in the file.
> If all the test functions are implemented, the placeholder will be placed on the bottom of the unit test file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We implemented our own [test template for gotests](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/tree/main/assets/test/templates) to generate the unit test functions, to provide extra flexibility and functionality for the unit test, such as [goleak](https://github.com/uber-go/goleak) support.

However, when we update our test template, the generated unit test functions will not be updated accordingly.
To overcome this, we implemented a placeholder `// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW` to indicate whether the test functions are implemented or not. The unit test functions above the placeholder are implemented, and the functions below are not implemented yet.

```go
func Test_implementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test is implemented
}

// NOT IMPLEMENTED BELOW

func Test_notImplementedTest(t *testing.T) {
    // this unit test function is not implemented yet
}
```

When the test template is updated, if the unit test function is implemented already, we cannot do anything about it. But for unit test functions that are not implemented yet, we can re-generate them by using the updated template.

> Every unit test file should contains the placeholder in the file.

Author: ```suggestion
Every unit test file should contain the placeholder in the file.
```

> If all of the test functions are implemented, the placeholder will be placed on the bottom of the unit test file.

Author: ```suggestion
If all the test functions are implemented, the placeholder will be placed on the bottom of the unit test file.
```
